12/22/2017

Class Rules
	1) Be in the classroom and logged into Enuda learn, the latest course for Intro to Computer Science by 7:57am. 

	2) When I'm speaking, pay attention. 
		- Do not use the computer when I'm talking. 

	3) Be a proactive learner. 
		1) Take a problem solving approach.
			1) What have you done ot invesatigate? 

		2) Never not be doing anything.
			1) Common Excuses
				1) I don't know what to do
					1) Find instructions
						Hints: Enudalearn.com
					2) Break instructions into steps.
					3) What was the last step  you finished? 
					4) Did you try to start the next step?
					5) Where did you find difficult? 
		3) If you have a question
			- Write it down.
		4) Bring your notebook and planner everyday. 
			- I should sign both everyday.
			- Please bring the same ones. 
	Learning Objectives
		1) Know how to use git to keep track of different versions of a file.
		2) Know how to use git to share projects with different people across different computers
		3) Know how to use github as a portfolio of your previous 
		awesomeness. 

	Github Sign Up:
		1) Github.com/join
		2) enter unique username, email, and password, then click create account.
		3) Go to your email, open email from github and click on "Verify email address"
		4) Go to github.com/new to create a new repository
		5) Name your repository decision_making_project 


	Homework:
		1) Finish reading all of Github Basics - Annotate every line of code that the lesson asks you to write. 

			1) For instance:
				1)  Get Started: Tell Git Who You Are 
					- Line 1: I tell git that I am the user Kalu
		2) On engrade Send me a Excel Documents of all Your github accounts and your enudalearn account names.

	Write in notebook your stopping point.








1/12/2018
	

	Getting started
		1) cd into your_name folder
		2) create a folder called student_fighter
		3) cd into student_fighter folder
		4) create a file called student_fighter.py
		5) open sublime and type your code inside of your student_fighter.py
		6) run your student_fighter.py python script
		7) confirmed that your output is correct.
		8) take lesson quiz
		9) Move to next step
			- Repeat
	Common Questions:
		1) How to open sublime.
			subl .
		2) How to run a python script?
			python3 name_of_your_script

	Homework:
		- Finish all Simple Video Game Quizzes
		- Must be finished by next week.
		- NO EXCUSES. I DON'T UNDERSTAND ISN'T AN EXCUSE. IF YOU DON'T TAKE ANY STEPS TO ASK ME (I.E., CONTACT BANZHUREN OR SEND ENGRADE MESSAGE) THEN YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND.
		- YOU MUST REMEMBER WHICH COMPUTER YOU USED AND WHAT USER YOU WERE LOGGED INTO
			- NO EXCUSES. IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS NO EXCUSES.


 

 	Class Ended:
 		Progress:
 			- No one uploaded to github. 
 			- I told them to remember the computer you used. 
 				- If you don't it will be your fault.
 			- Remember the user that you used. 
 			- Make sure you finish all the quizzes. 
 			- If you have any problems contact me as soon as possibel on engrade.

 		- Jayce - Finished Step 3 and and Step 4
 		- Lucy - Finish Step 3 and lesson quiz
 		- Ene - Finished Step 3 quiz didn't start lesson 4
 		- Alex - Not finished step 3
 		- Patricia - Finished step 3 can't take Step 3. 
 		- Katherine - Did not finish step 3

 		Homework 