2017/12/13

	Rules

		1) When teacher talks, stop what you're doing any pay attention. (Ella!)

		2) When we enter class within 2 minutes:
				1) log into Enuda Learn 

				2) click on the latest Intro to Computer Science Course

		3) Bring Your NOTEBOOK AND PLANNER to every class. 

		4) Never be doing nothing

			1) Frequent Excuses
				1) I don't know what to do? 
					a) follow Kalu's problem solving tactics. 
				2) I dont understand the english?

				3) I have already finished
					Impossible. 

		5) Take initiative in your own learning. Do not be a passive student. 

		6) Before Leaving Class:
			1) I must sign your NOTEBOOK and your PLANNER

			2) Push in all chairs. 

			3) Shut Down all computers

			4) Clear all desks and the floor of everything. 

		7) NO FOOD OR DRINKS IN THIS CLASS

		8) Computer Use Rules:
			1) Never go on any website that I do not explicitly tell you to. 
				EXCEPT:
					1) University webistes
					2) baidu translate
					3) Enuda Learn


		Rules Signed By:
			Yonnie, Sally, Alex, Ella, Laerina, Henry, Louis, Bobby, Margaret, Vicky, Dina, Young, Max, Famous


	Comments in Class


	Homework:
		Finish Reading All of Github Basics.

		You must understand every line of code. If you do not understand any line of code, please write in your notebook. the line number, and the exercise name, and your guess as to what it means.

		If I don't see anything in your notebook I will assume that you guys understand everything. 

	Where We Stopped:
		Didn't finish step 5:
			Laerina, Margaret, Yonnie, Sally, Max, Famous, Young, Bobby, Louis, Vicky, Dina, 

		Didn't Finish Step 6:
			Alex, Ella, Henry (Henry almost finished 6 but had a mistake on the last step.)


	Next Week:

		1) Finish writing all hte code in Github basics.

		2) Push you and your partners project unto BOTH of your github accounts. 


Problem Solving Tactics

	- I'm Lost
		Solution:
			1) Use Problem Sovling Tactics
			2) Ask Classmate for help
			3) Ask teacher for help

		Problem Solving Tactics
			1) Do I know WHERE instructions are?
				- Enudalearn.com the lesson of the day. 
			2) Bring instructions down into steps
			3) What was the last step I completed

12/20/2017
	PROJECT TIME:
		Write your code to Webscrape your information
		You must save your project to a github repository.

		But your and your partner must have your own github repository. 


	USERNAME LIST
		Please send me a excel sheet of all your usernames Enuda learn and Github on Engrade by the end of class
		Person responsible:
			"Max"


	WELCOME BACK!
		We will be continuing with our project. Sit with your partner.
	Course: 
		WEB SCRAPE PROJECT

	Directions:
		- Sit with your partner. You already went through Web Scrape Project steps 1-6.
		- You should get started with step 7.
		- In this step you will write code to get ONE set of data from your webpage.
		- Step 7 on enudalearn Web Scrape Projects shows you how to get the data if you website was 
		  a vocabulary list on vocabulary.com. But you must write YOUR OWN algorithim to get
		  YOUR OWN data on YOUR OWN website. 
		- I will be walking around the classroom helping people with thier algorithims.

	Before Class is Over
		- Upload your project as it currently is on github




12/10/2018
	

	Getting started
		1) cd into your_name folder
		2) create a folder called student_figher
		3) cd into student fighter
		4) create a script called student_fighter.py
		5) open sublime and type your code inside of your student_fighter.py
		6) run your student_fighter.py python script
		7) confirmed that your output is correct.
		8) take lesson quiz
		9) Move to next step
			- Repeat
	
	Save Your project onto Github
		1) Create your remote github repository
		2) create your local git repository
			- git init
		3) Connect your remote github repository with your LOCAL git repository
			- see your github and copy the line starting with git remote...
		4) check status of local git repo
			- git status
		5) add your files to to be saved
			- git add your_files
		6) save your files
			- git commit -m "your commit message"
		7) push your local git changes onto your remote github repository.
			- git push origin master

	Homework: Finish all Video Game quizzes


2nd Semester Exam:
	Quizzes:
		Do quizzes from all these lessons:
			- Web Scrape Project
			- Video Games
			- Django
			- Github Basics
			- Second Quarter Exam Review (Bonus Points, Optional)