12/13/2017
	Rules
		1) Don't bring any food or drinks in here. 

		2) Before you leave:

			1) Make sure all desk are clear.

			2) Make sure all computers are turned off . (By turned off I mean shut down.)	

				: Show entire class how to shut down. Entire class agrees  to shut down:
					(Ricky, Bruce, Anna, Katherine, Tommy, Jerry, Ski Li, Sam, Harry, Susan, Freya, Joy, Sherlock)
			3) Make sure all chairs are pushed in. 

		3) When you enter:
			1) Within 2 mins log into enuda learn and go to hte latest machine learning lesson. Read the warmer. 

		4) During class:

			1) Never be doing nothing. 
				Excuses:
					1) I finished. 
						Impossible.

					2) I don't know what to do? 
						Follow problem solving tactics I taught you.


			2) Carry your notebook AND your studen planner. 
				1) I must sight BOTH your student notebook and your student planner every class. 

				2) You must bring the SAME NOTE book with past signatures every class!

	Class Comments:

		The class did exceptionally well today. Very communicatative. 

		They are really making progress.

		Sherlock, Susan, Katherine, and Harry show great progress and exhibited great learning habits. 
			THeir great learning habits:
				1) Asked questions (not Katherine)

				2) Took notes (not Katheirine)

				3) Active participants in their learning. 

		Other did this too but I may have not have noticed. Overrall the class did really well, these were just a few students who I happend to notice.


	Homework
		Read all of github Basics

	Stopping Point:
		Some people did not get very far past the titanic dataset exercise on their python interperter. A few people only got past the library imports.

		Others got further.

	Areas of Concern:
		1) 
			Concern:
				No one I saw took detailed notes on what hte actual meaning of hte programs were. This could have one of a few meanings:
					1) They understood everything about the titanic dataset exercise
					2) They didn't understand some lines of code and neglected to write down what lines and their guess at what it means
					3) They did not get very far, and understood the few parts they did finish (library imports)
			Solution:
				1) Remind class that they should be thinking of the meaning of their code as they type it and endevaor to understand what they don't understand. First they must exercise their meta-awareness (thinking about thinking) skills and query themselves "do I understand this? What do I think this is? How does this line of code connect to the bigger picture of this exercise?" 

					It's OKAY TO NOT BE ABLE TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS. HOWEVER IT IS NOT OKAY TO NOT AS THESE QUESTIONS

	Starting Point For Next Class:
		I want to get started on Github basics. However, perhaps we should spend some time finishing up the coding exercise for hte titanic dataset before we leave logistic regression and focus on the next algorithim. 




12/20/2017
	Notes
		Steps in Machine Learning Project
			1)Import our packages
			2) Load our data
				- How do we read our data into python?
					- We call pandas' read_csv method, passing it our filepath as a string argument
						What does filepath mean?
							- Where it is relative to our script. 
			3) Understand our data description and info.


	Homework
		1) Understand and ANNOTATE all code:
			1) Go through all of:
				1) titanic_dataset & 
					- https://github.com/KaluEmeKalu/titanic_dataset/blob/master/logistic_regression.py
				2)ad_project code.

			2) Make sure you understand every line of code. 
			3) Describe every line of code.
			4) Must write this in your journal.
		2) Take all Quizzes
		3) Send me a excel sheet of everyone's enudalearn username they used to take the quiz and your github username (choose a professional username.)
			- Charlie will send to me. Send on Engrade. 
			- Must be excel or .csv
		4) You don't have to, but if you have time.
			- You can read chapter 8 of ISL. 
				- Decision Trees 
		Example:
			log_reg.py
				Line 23)
					We import the pandas library and use the identifier pd to refer to it. 
				Line 24) 
					We import the numpy library and use hte identifier np to refer to it. 



				....
				Line 36) 
					We call pandas read_csv method and pass it the string representing the filepath of our data. 

				Line 66)
					Not too sure. 
						Guess:
							I guess it sets the style of our plot to a whitegrid.

12/10/2018
	Class notes
		1) GOOD MORNING!
			- LOG INTO ENUDA LEARN AND GO TO THE LASTEST COURSE UNDER INTRO TO COMPUTER SCIENCE - PYTHON CLASSES: A SIMPLE VIDEO GAME
				- TIME LIMIT: 8:47
				- Minus 2 points if not done on time.
				- USE YOUR OWN COMPUTER!

			- Charlie. What happened? You failed me? No excel sheet of usernames and github accounts?
		2) We've been using objects more in our machine learning exercises.

			- Time to learn more about what objects are by creating our own classes.

			- A class is a prototype for an object.

			- In other words, we can create our own type of objects!!!!! Whoo!

			- Continue learning about classes using the Intro To Computer Science - A Simple Video Game lesson.

			- EVERYONE MUST USE THEIR OWN COMPUTER!!!!
	Lesson objectives
		1) Get more used to working with classes
		2) know important class keywords like init
		3) know diff b/w definiing a class and instantiating a class object
		4) get better at creating class methods
			- a method is a function that belows to an object.


	Notes
		1) A class is a prototype of an object. 

		Task:
			1) cd into your Documents/your_name folder
			2) create a file called student_fighter.py
			3) Type the script in student_fighter.py using sublime
			4) Run the script on your terminal using python3 student_fighter.py

			10 minutes to do it

		Progress Check
			1) Sam - 3

			2) Max - Finished step 3
				- Finished 4
			3) Anna - Finished step 3
				- finished lesson 3 and quiz
			4) Jerry - on step 3
				- finished lesson 3 and quiz
			5) Sky - On 3
				- finished lesson 3 and quiz
			6) Tommy - Finished but copied and pasted. Must redo
				- finished lesson 4 and quiz
				- Took two quizzes started lesson 4
			7) Ricky - On 3
				- finished lesson 4 working on lesson 4 quiz
			8) Bruce - Finished 3
				- finished lesson 4 working on lesson 4 quiz
			9) Katherine - On 4
				- finished lesson 3 quiz started lesson 4
			10) Cristina - Finished all of lesson 3
				- working on lesson 4
			11) Joy - On 2
				- finished lesson 3 working on quiz
			12) Freya - On 3
				- finished lesson 3 and quiz
			13) Susan - On 3
				- finished lessson 3 working on quiz
			14) Charlie - Finished lesson 3
				- finished lesson4  working on lesson 4 quiz
			15) Harry - On 4
				- on lesson 4
			16) Sherlock - On 4
				- working on lesson 4

	dunder ___ (double underscore)

	Upload the work we have on github. 
		1) cd into project folder
		2) create github repository
		3) create a local git repository
		4) Connect your local git repository, with your remote github repository
		5) git status
		6)  git add your files
		7) git commit -m "your message"
		8) git push origin master 
			- This will push your local git changes onto your remote github account. 

	Homework:
		Finish all quizzes Simple Video Game quizzes.
		
		Remember the computer and USER you used this class.

		Let me sign your planner and journal


For the exam:
	1) Open your terminal, cd into your ~/Documents/your_name folder, download the data from github, cd into the folder, activate your virtual environment, enter a python interactive interpreter, and load your data into a pandas dataframe. 
		- To load the data into a pandas dataframe you must be in the same folder that the .csv file is in.
	2) Be able to do basic visualization
	3) Be able to get basic descriptions, and info from your pandas dataframe. 


Questions:
	1) How to log into virtual environment
		- source ~/machine_learning_venv/bin/activate
		- USE TAB!
	2) How come I can't download from github. 
		- Did you check that you deleted the space after github .com


1) cd Documents
	- know how to confirm that you've successfully done this task. 
2) 

Steps of Every Machine Learning Problem
1) Import your libraries
2) load your data into a pandas dataframe
3) Get a basic understanding of your data description, info, and head, columns
4) Understand your data through visualization
5) Do your train-test split
6) Train your Model
7) Make Predictions
8) Check Accuracy