12/9/2017
	Comments
		All students late for class
		All students for both student planner and student notebook.
		Reminded all students that they need to bring both their 1) student planners and 2) student notebooks. 

		Reminded students no food or drinks.

		Remminded everyone don't change anythign on computers or go to any website unless I explictly say so
 
		Reminded students password is password

		Reminded students about 101room wifi

	Reminders
		Remind students that they cannot bring food or drinks into the computer lab.

		Remind students that they must ALWAYS TURN OFF ALL COMPUTERS BEFORE LEAVING THE COMPUTER LAB. 
			I Will hold last group of students responsbile for any computers left turned on. 

	Post-Class Thoughts
		Lucy did extremely well.
		Katherine and Rubby were a bit sleepy
		Jayce was mind-wandering most of class but finished pretty strong
		Ene did really well for first class.

		The class overrall did very well. I spent most of class lecturing. We stopped right before they got a chance
		to start the downlaoding your webpage activity, but I finsihed a thorough explanatino fo it.


	Homework
		Finish reading downloading your webpage main section.
		Do the downloading your webpage quiz. Do not click turn it in until ready.
	

	Next Class Start Point:
		Next class we start by letting them get with their partners and write their downloading_a_webpage script.



12/22/2017

Class Rules
	1) Be in the classroom and logged into Enuda learn, the latest course for Intro to Computer Science by 7:57am. 

	2) When I'm speaking, pay attention. 
		- Do not use the computer when I'm talking. 

	3) Be a proactive learner. 
		1) Take a problem solving approach.
			1) What have you done ot invesatigate? 

		2) Never not be doing anything.
			1) Common Excuses
				1) I don't know what to do
					1) Find instructions
						Hints: Enudalearn.com
					2) Break instructions into steps.
					3) What was the last step  you finished? 
					4) Did you try to start the next step?
					5) Where did you find difficult? 
		3) If you have a question
			- Write it down.
		4) Bring your notebook and planner everyday. 
			- I should sign both everyday.
			- Please bring the same ones. 
	Learning Objectives
		1) Know how to use git to keep track of different versions of a file.
		2) Know how to use git to share projects with different people across different computers
		3) Know how to use github as a portfolio of your previous 
		awesomeness. 

	Github Sign Up:
		1) Github.com/join
		2) enter unique username, email, and password, then click create account.
		3) Go to your email, open email from github and click on "Verify email address"
		4) Go to github.com/new to create a new repository
		5) Name your repository decision_making_project 


	Homework:
		1) Finish reading all of Github Basics - Annotate every line of code that the lesson asks you to write. 

			1) For instance:
				1)  Get Started: Tell Git Who You Are 
					- Line 1: I tell git that I am the user Kalu
		2) On engrade Send me a Excel Documents of all Your github accounts and your enudalearn account names.

	Write in notebook your stopping point.








