12/08/17
	Comments
		Told them not bring food or drinks

		You must  shut down ALL computers

		Bring your 1) notebook AND 2) your planner. And I must sign both every class. 

		Come in, and log into enudalearn.com two minutes after class. 

		Before you leave all tables must be clear

		Never be in the computer lab alone. 

		You can never change anything *on these compuetrs. These aren't your personal computers. 

		Never download anything on these computers. 

		Never change any settings on these computers. 

		Never go to any website unless I explicitly tell you to do so.

		ALWAYS BRING THE SAME NOTEBOOK!!!!

	Homework
		Finish Quiz 4 & Quiz 5:
		Read section 6.

		Make your notes AMAZING! 

		Ask Alex what he did - explain every line 
		of the  downloading_a_webpage.py script on saving webpage as document step. 




12/15/2017
	Must finish all quizzes.

	Must you finish all of lesson Github Basics.


	You must describe what every line of code does in your notebook. 

	Next week I will look at your homework. From last week and from this week.

	YOU MUST USE THE SAMMMME SAME SAME SAEM SAME NOTEBOOK IN EVEYR CLASS. 

	My signature must be in it for both your notebook and your plann er.

	Every Understands Rules:
		Students:
			Evelyn, Linn, Nancy, Krystal, Karen, Virgil, Linda, Chris, Tim, Roger, Kryie Kobe, Boyu, Albert, Benson, Alex

	12/22/2017
	Homework Github Basic Lesson Code:
		 Initializing Local Git Repo :
		 	 Get Started: Tell Git Who You Are 
		 	 	Line 1:
		 	 		- I Guess it tells git your username
		 	 	Line 2:
		 	 		- I guess it tells git your email
		 	Initializing Our Git Repo :
		 		Line 2:
		 			- Takes you to the your_name folder, which is inside the Documents folder, which is inside the home folder.
		 		Line 4:
		 			- Cd into a folder called decision_making_project located in your current working directory. 

		Question:
			1) What is current is working directory?
				- The directory you're in.
			2) What is difference between directory and folder?
				- No difference. They mean the same thing. 
			3) I've noticed that the title of some ends in .sh. What is this?
			4) What is bash code. 
			5) What does .read() do?
				- Not relevant. 
			6) ~ means home
				- called "tilda"
			7) . means current working directory
			8) parameter = argument = 参数


		Homework: 
			1) Same as last week. Finish last week's homework.
			2) Kalu will email you more homework. 
			3) Think about today's lesson on note taking and problem solving. 

I understand the difference between:
	1) defining a class and
	2) instantiating a class object


I DON'T understand the difference between:
	1) defining a class and
	2) instantiating a class object

Functions and methods:
	- a object that you must call
	- to call an method/function you use parenthesis
		- say_hello()
	- to call means to use
	- a method is simply a function that belongs to an object. 
		- an_obj.a_method()
	- most functions/methods return an obj when you call them.

Understand the difference between:
	- a class
	- and an instance of a class
	- For Example 
		- If we have a Student class, an instance of that class could be the student Boyu. 